c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\DiscordBot.exe.config
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\DiscordBot.exe
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\DiscordBot.pdb
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Audio.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Modules.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\obj\Debug\DiscordBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\obj\Debug\DiscordBot.exe
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\obj\Debug\DiscordBot.pdb
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Audio.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Modules.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\libvideo.dll
C:\Users\Amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\Amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\Amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\Amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Amir\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DiscordBot\DiscordBot\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
